feat: add a note to suggest using CookieStore instead of document.cookie (#41217)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/cookie/index.md

The {{domxref("Document")}} property `cookie` lets you read and write [cookies](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Cookies) associated with the document.
It serves as a getter and setter for the actual values of the cookies.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `document.cookie` can be a source of performance issues because it is a synchronous API and block the main thread when reading cookies across processes or performing I/O operations. Developers should if possible use the asynchronous [Cookie Store API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) to manage cookies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `document.cookie` can be a source of performance issues because it is a synchronous API and blocks the main thread when reading cookies across processes or performing I/O operations. Developers should if possible use the asynchronous [Cookie Store API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) to manage cookies.
```

> > The `document.cookie` can be a source of performance issues because it is synchronous API and may block the main thread when reading cookies across processes or performing I/O operations. Developers should consider using the asynchronous [Cookie Store API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) to manage cookies when possible.

Author: Thanks, commit again!
<img width="1626" height="606" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77ce8518-3107-4bd7-84a3-cff66fd9dfec" />

> [!NOTE]
> The `document.cookie` property is an [accessor property](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/defineProperty#description) with native _setter_ and _getter_ functions, and consequently is _not_ a [data property](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/defineProperty#description) with a value: what you write is not the same as what you read, everything is always mediated by the JavaScript interpreter.

> > [!NOTE]
> > Using the synchronous `document.cookie` API can be a source of performance issues. The [Cookie Store API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) can be used instead, as it provides an asynchronous way to handle cookies to avoid performance issues. See the [Cookie Store API introduction](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) for more information.
> 

Reviewer: I would put this at the start of the page, probably immediately after the opening paragraph: "The [Document](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document) property cookie ...".

Also consider using stronger wording, something like:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The `document.cookie` API is synchronous, so it can be a source of performance issues. Developers should if possible use the asynchronous [Cookie Store API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) to manage cookies.

```

Author: I have added more details regarding performance issues, please feel free to review again.
